{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1.\
(a) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/HRAnalyticRepository/absenteeism-dataset?select=MFGEmployees4.csv"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/HRAnalyticRepository/absenteeism-dataset?select=MFGEmployees4.csv}}\
(b) Absenteeism is a significant expense to most organizations. Getting a handle on it, predicting it, and affecting it is crucial for organizations. This dataset provided for HR data scientists to practice. While the\'a0data is fake and fictitious, it includes the following features in a mix of integer, string, and binary values;\'a0Employee number,\'a0Surname,\'a0GivenName,\'a0Gender,\'a0City,\'a0JobTitle,\'a0DepartmentName,\'a0StoreLocation,\'a0Division,\'a0Age,\'a0LengthService,\'a0AbsentHours, and\'a0BusinessUnit.\
(c) This dataset is provided to explore and practice how to derive insights from human resources-related data by looking for patterns in organizational behavior and related topics within an organization's human capital.\
(d)\'a0If we want executives to pay attention to People/HR Analytics, we must take it beyond just producing the metrics and dive into the data with Analytics and Statistical Tools.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
2.\
(a) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://dl.acm.org/doi/proceedings/10.1145/3534678"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 KDD '22: Proceedings of the 28th ACM SIGKDD Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining}},\'a0August 2022,\'a0Pages 2673\'962681, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1145/3534678.3539088"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://doi.org/10.1145/3534678.3539088}}\
(b) Business workflow processes comprise an ordered sequence of tasks and decisions to accomplish certain business goals. Each decision point requires the input of a decision-maker to distill complex case information and make an optimal decision given their experience, organizational policy, and external contexts. Therefore, overlooking some of the essential factors or lack of knowledge can impact the throughput and business outcomes.\
(c) The proposal is an end-to-end automated decision support system with an explanation for business processes. The system uses the proposed process-aware feature engineering methodology that extracts features from process and business data attributes. The system helps a decision-maker to make quick and quality decisions by predicting the decision and providing an explanation of the factors which led to the prediction. The system also supports predictions with live instance data, i.e., it allows decision-makers to conduct trials on current data instances by modifying its business data attribute values.\
(d) The\'a0evaluation of the system is completed on real-world and synthetic datasets and benchmarks the performance, achieving an average of 15% improvement over baselines.}